Well
Today I had to come to yan week of my friend
Nobody
I
You wore why spear or Perikan
It's a little unreasonable
Fun
Please do the muscle training of the coming photographer for a long time
Day and night has become one
In muscle training at the time of 10 side
I can do it
If you do not have time for cattle and cellar Judo and the latest Torudo is good, I have a little collection and training
I think yes
Feeling of twisting
It seems
The share is considerably more muscular than I. I like to aim
10 proposed a little leave me alone to say
today
For now
Week Yan Ni
There many pieces one by one the gold tiger that was learned at the time of the centrist
Yaro 30 30 pieces of the news lie
Nico nico nico Tell me something
So let two go eh
Ueda is here, though
Let's take a normal stance
But inside
2 of souvenir
One more time doing small one more time
Strange from the side
here you are
Say this
Well famous board when going with feeling
Follow after
Yes another
If you want to put anywhere dipped want the moon mad dog is another sheet
Eh why the burden is over here and the number is over the money
Oh
This If you want to put a
Well barbell dumbbells are the best
I saw Choko-chan taking off
Well, something like this is quite thick
It is also a card with a blur, I do not think
It looks like this card
I Rya compared it like this at all yet MANS town also Toka This gray
I think reflection is understood
not
This will completely different
greatness of the ci Well
We're entering a place judo Well pretty good
It is true that you are praised by Mr. Sunge as if it has only entered six months
Even if you only want to call you even if you do it for one year in 6 months on 4th, it stopped
I think I have 10 years to the past nuclear
Surely
Abdominal Wakiyama free hole
Coming up setting
My abs dropped the princess
Oh I'll get at Toka gold
Well then strike 9
This I think is this is by spear Let's 57 kilometers to try to assistant and modernization
The Internet is easy and lucky 8
Trumps yourself
Roughly 100 times naughty But I have to cry anymore
So I'll drive myself and come up with this
I say even a little
If you can do it 10 times
North Korea to muscles
So relieve
To be
Muscles are also
Ford I 'm getting bigger and I like it
High place Shiya say quite good thing
Well then I will not go around here today
Well I'd appointments to take one more minute video
Even if you look at a naked man's nakedness of Tsukin and a spiritual feeling, it won't happen, so even if I seal it
It will be a problem, but
Well
Nde probably think this only Well then other problems
Well then
Muscle training video
Let's finish it now
Well then
said if by I ca